Lin Fei, I warn you
If you dare to touch the master
I make you regret being human
waste
Who the hell are you scaring?
Give you half an hour.
Come to the company immediately
I'll go first
Leave me alone and I'll tell you some news.
Huang Renyi, just because you still want to negotiate terms with us
About the Shen family
Say
Shen Ao's son already knows your news
And has the ability to destroy you
Just a scared kid
Want to be negative about us
fool
What if you add the provincial capital group?
If your message is wrong
Do you know what will happen to you?
Bad stuff
You're in trouble.
I still want to miss our Lin family
Do you know what Mr. Wu said?
Could put our family out of business
Mr. Wu is very powerful
I see you seem to be afraid of him